Recurly Docs (#91)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: destinations/recurly.md

| **Device Mode**     | **-**         | **-**         | **-**         |
| **Cloud Mode**      | **Supported** | **Supported** | **Supported** |

{% hint style="info" %}
To know more about the difference between Cloud mode and Device mode in RudderStack, read the [RudderStack connection modes](https://docs.rudderstack.com/get-started/rudderstack-connection-modes) guide.
{% endhint %}

Once you have confirmed that the platform supports sending events to Recurly, please perform the steps below:

- Choose a source to which you would like to add Recurly as a destination.

{% hint style="info" %}
Please follow our [Adding a Source and Destination](https://docs.rudderstack.com/how-to-guides/adding-source-and-destination-rudderstack) guide to add a source in RudderStack.
{% endhint %}

- Select the destination as **Recurly** to your source. Give your destination a name and then click on **Next**.
- On the **Connection Settings** page, fill all the fields with the relevant information and click **Next**.

![Recurly Connection Settings in RudderStack](../.gitbook/assets/recurly.png)

In the **Connection Settings**, please enter your **API Key** as shown above.

## Web Settings

> - **Custom Fields Mapping** - This will map any RudderStack event to Recurly Event. To do successful mapping make sure you have created a custom fields in your recurly dashboard. If you wish to map rudder properties to Recurly Custom fields then list them here. These properties are case-sensitive, and can be nested. For example, you have created paymentValue and personalMailId in your Recurly dashboard now if you want to send rudderanalytics.track('Event', {customProperty: { customValue: 2 }, someRandomMailId: 'user@gmail.com'}) then input these two property customProperty.customValue and someRandomMailId in rudder payload and paymentValue and personalMailId in Recurly payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom Fields Mapping** - This will map any RudderStack event to a Recurly Event. To do successful mapping make sure you have created a custom field on your Recurly dashboard. If you wish to map RudderStack properties to Recurly Custom fields then list them here. These properties are case-sensitive and can be nested. For example, you have created `paymentValue` and `personalMailId` in your Recurly dashboard now if you want to send `rudderanalytics.track('Event', {customProperty: { customValue: 2 }, someRandomMailId: 'user@gmail.com'})` then input these two property `customProperty.customValue` and `someRandomMailId` in RudderStack payload and `paymentValue` and `personalMailId` in Recurly payload
```

Author: done

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track("Event", {
  customProperty: { customValue: 2 },
  someRandomMailId: "user@gmail.com",
});
```

## Identify

To create an account in Recurly, you need to call the `identify` API.

{% hint style="info" %}
For information on the `identify` call, please refer to our [RudderStack API Specification](https://docs.rudderstack.com/rudderstack-api-spec) guide.
{% endhint %}

A sample `identify` call is as shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify("name123", {
  name: "name1",
  email: "google@gmail.com",
  plan: "Enterprise",
  phone: "9007197654",
  company: {
    id: "abc123",
    name: "Companyname",
  },
  address: {
    city: "kolkata",
    country: "India",
    postalCode: 789223,
    state: "WB",
    street: "",
  },
});
```

> When you make an identify call with new userId, we create a new account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you make an `identify` call with the new `userId`, we create a new account.
```

> When you make an identify call with existing userId, we update the existing account with new traits passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you make an `identify` call with an existing `userId`, we update the existing account with new traits passed.
```

Author: done

> Following property mapping happens when you make an identify calls ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following property mapping happens when you make an identify calls :
```

| Standard RudderStack Field  | Standard Recurly Field |
| :-------------------------- | :--------------------- |
| `userId`                    | `code`                 |
| `email`                     | `email`                |
| `firstName`                 | `first_name`           |
| `lastName`                  | `last_name`            |
| `context.locale`            | `preferred_locale`     |
| `traits.company.name`       | `company`              |
| `context.campaign.name`     | `acquisition.campaign` |
| `phone`                     | `address.phone`        |
| `traits.address.street`     | `address.street1`      |
| `traits.address.city`       | `address.city`         |
| `traits.address.state`      | `address.region`       |
| `traits.address.postalCode` | `address.postal_code`  |
| `traits.address.country`    | `address.country`      |

## Track

> The `track` call to recurly is supported only for two of our ecommerce event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `track` call to Recurly is supported only for two of our e-commerce events.
```

> - checkout started
> - order completed
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checkout Started
- Order Completed
```

A sample `track` call looks like the following:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track("Order Completed", {
  currency: "INR",
  products: [
    {
      product_id: "product-mixedfruit-jam",
      sku: "sku-1",
      category: "Food",
      name: "Food/Drink",
      price: 10.0,
      currency: "INR",
    },
    {
      product_id: "cash123",
      sku: "G-32",
      currency: "USD",
      name: "Testing-5-Clash Of Clan",
      price: 1999,
      category: "Games",
    },
  ],
});
```

> - To make a successful track call, an account must be present in recurly. Our `track` calls gets mapped to `line_items` for that account in recurly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To make a successful track call, an account must be present in Recurly. Our `track` calls get mapped to `line_items` for that account in Recurly.
```

> - Any `products` that you send in payload is associated with `items` in recurly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All the `products` that you send in the payload are associated with `items` in Recurly.
```

> - If a products is not present in recurly dashboard, we create a new `items` for that product and associated it with `line_items`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a product is not present in Recurly dashboard, we create new `items` for that product and associated it with `line_items`.
```
